no
as asked the question
at age 24 continue to graduate to return home
the busy music school
and to invest myself as director I wanted it to be in a
place in the tgv that gathers knowledge I felt so much
useful and so it's true for me this choice it happened quite
natural are constrained
the English
it's true that it's because he always stayed for me from
from the moment I started I have this meeting broke out this
activity has progressed that's why the
so it's in this sector
more precisely in these disciplines we quickly
discussions from here and to guide me he wrote to him quickly it was for one of
my engineering specialties that will have both the pedagogy that is actually a
artist a contrabass and 3rd too bad a little bit further north and not too much
short
a machine of this type
we feel good and after you can more dynamic in the head marie
symphonic divertimento it starts in paris and seine-saint-denis
she is already the ticket stub for professional assignments by
elsewhere m
if the world
the company in this process
android am not sure we're sure there was some tension
until his forces tramped tactile for 3-6 years
without moving figures
demers
one or
the divertimento the enclosing wall asked what you want
it was simply no longer the price of the conservatory
thanks to the soil precisely that would be the most useful it is now
a group of friends always like what you can see
in the eleven-type
strengthened per year
entr to do this
the best possible
the people who like to do this job in good jong conditions
m
we do not always think merchant in France first of all a city that we think of
deborah have fun and clappent communicate something